Fix readme (#85)
esciencecenter-digital-skills/next-workshop-template: _data/README.md

# data.csv

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
`data.csv` file should not be edited by hand. It is generated automatically by the workshop coordinator when all the information is available.
```
```

- startdate: machine-readable start date for the workshop (e.g.,
  "2021-12-24T00:00:00Z")

- enddate: machine-readable end date for the workshop (e.g.,
  "2021-12-26T00:00:00Z")

- instructor: comma-separated list of instructors' names as strings (e.g.,
  "Johan Hidding, Lieke de Boer, Mateusz Kuzak")

- helper: comma-separated list of helpers' names (e.g., ,"Pushpanjali Pawar,
  Thijs van Lankveld")

- carpentry: "ds" for eScience Center Digital Skills, "swc" for Software
  Carpentry, "dc" for Data Carpentry, and "lc" for Library Carpentry.

- curriculum: lesson name (e.g. "ds-parallel")

- title: the title of the workshop (e.g. "Christmas special test workshop")

- slug: the name of workshop repository (e.g. "2021-12-24-dc-socsci-R-nlesc")

- flavor: the programming language used in the workshop (e.g. "R")

- eventbrite: alphanumeric key for Eventbrite registration (e.g., "1234567890AB") 

- ready:

<!-- TODO move  eventbrite to a txt file-->

## Where to get data.csv

This file can be generated by: FIXME

<!-- TODO add instructions on how to generate the file -->

> If you are a member of Digital Skills organization, the file `data.csv` is

> filled with the lesson information and can be found in the lesson channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
filled with the lesson information and can be found in the SharePoint folder belonging to the respective workshop Channel in the Instructors Team.
```
```suggestion
filled with the lesson information and can be found in the lesson channels.
```
